# 2732-tofrom-2532
(Deprecated - See below for link to new version) This product is intended to allow a 2732 EPROM to be placed into a 2532 EPROM socket or a 2532 EPROM to be placed into a 2732 EPROM socket. The original product seems to have been placed on github at this url: https://github.com/ricardoquesada/2732-to-2532. Being involved in the original creation of the product, I decided not to fork that repository for this new, slightly improved version, but rather chose to create a new repository. The product is now licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-SA 4.0) License, https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) IN MEMORY OF MY FATHER, ROBERT EMBRY TURNER. I LOVE YOU DADDY! REST IN PEACE.

Included in the archive are design files for Eagle 5 and earlier, Eagle 6 and newer, and KiCAD 5 and newer. Gerber files are also included. The product has been shared to oshpark: https://oshpark.com/shared_projects/nMURuBKv

2732 <--> 2532 Adapter Board: GCC-ECS-0001.1, 2532 <===> 2732 Socket Converter, Original Part Number: GCC-ECS-0001.0, Copyright (C) 04 May 2010, By: "Little" John Eric Turner and "Big" John Robert Turner, All Rights Reserved. http://www.GIMEchip.com/ Updated Part Number: GCC-ECS-0001.1, By: "Uncle" Robert "The R.A.T." Allen Turner at the behest of "Little" and "Big" John, Copyright (C) 09 April 2019, Released under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-SA 4.0) License https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/ IN MEMORY OF MY FATHER: ROBERT EMBRY TURNER. I LOVE YOU DADDY! REST IN PEACE.
 
This product is intended to allow a 2732 EPROM to be placed into a 2532 EPROM socket or a 2532 EPROM to be placed into a 2732 EPROM socket. Fitting I.C. pins for IC1 and a socket for IC2 allows a 2732 to be plugged into a 2532 socket, whilst fitting I.C. pins for IC2 and a socket for IC1 allows a 2532 to be plugged into a 2732 socket. It is recommended that "round pin headers" be used for the I.C. pins as they will plug directly into standard I.C. sockets without stressing them which would result in potential damage to the socket. A low-profile ZIF (Zero Insertion Force) socket is ideal for use as the actual socket for this device if repeated E.P.R.O.M. insertion and removal is expected. Otherwise, a low profile D.I.P. (Dual Inline Pin) socket should be used. The 2732 has an output enable signal in addition to the chip enable signal. In most cases, the output enable signal can simply be connected to ground. However, it may sometimes be desirable to connect the ouput enable signal to the chip enable signal. Jumpers JP1 and JP2 allow these settings. If JP1 is fitted, then the ouput enable will be connected to the chip enable. If JP2 is fitted, then the ouput enable will be connected to GND. JP1 and JP2 should NEVER be fitted at the same time - one or the other, but not both. In most cases, fitting JP2 will suffice.
All of GIMEchip.com's designs are created for the benefit of the vintage computing community as a whole. Although we copyright all of our works and retain all rights to them, we also don't mind sharing. If you wish to produce and distribute this product, please contact us at: sales@gimechip.com. In most* cases, permissions will be granted Royalty Free. I said we like to share, didn't I? *As of 09 April 2019, it is no longer neccessary to request permissions to use this product. This is due to the release of Version 0001.0 and the NEW Version 0001.1 under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-SA 4.0) License. This allows for almost any use, including commercial. https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/ RELEASED IN MEMORY OF MY FATHER: ROBERT EMBRY TURNER. I LOVE YOU DADDY! REST IN PEACE.

If you would like to include this product as part of your website, feel free to do so, as long as all documentation remains intact. We do ask that you inform us that you have included this file on your site so our ego's may get a bit larger :-)** Enjoy - "Little" John Eric and "Big" John Robert Turner, Son and Father. **NOTE: Due to the new licensing (CC BY-SA 4.0), it is now allowable to alter the documentation and there is no need to inform us of any website inclusion, however, attribution is still required (although we really won't complain if you forget.) THANK YOU !
The Update to Version 0001.1 was done by: Robert Allen Turner, who acquired the GIMEchip.com domain name on 25 December 2018. Please note that Robert Allen Turner is unable to answer any inquiries in relation to GIMEchip.com prior to his acquisition of same. Robert Allen Turner is in the process of releasing all prior GIMEchip.com designs under the CC BY-SA 4.0 License. This is an ambitious undertaking which is likely to require a very large amount of time.

The Little Engineers is a project began in 2011 by Robert Allen Turner (hereafter, I or Me), for the benefit of foster children and their families (foster and biological). The original intent was simply to provide a means of creating videos with the foster families such that the biological parents did not completely miss out on their children growing up. Providing simple to construct kits seemed a logical choice as a subject for such videos and that is primarily what I attempt to develop for use in such videos. This also makes the process educational. This is a difficult undertaking, as each case must be handled on an individual basis and any such videos and communications must be scrutinized and approved on a per case basis by the case workers, et alia in charge. Although this makes such an undertaking extremely difficult, it is a neccessity in order to protect the children. Some are, after all, being protected from abusive family members and so on. So there has to be a very strict set of protocols in place. This has prevented me from fully launching The Little Engineers over the past eight years, but I remain commited to the project.

The logos, names and other material relating to The Little Engineers, TheLittleEngineers.org and GIMEchip.com are the sole property of Robert Allen Turner with All Rights Reserved. The rights to the GIMEchip.com domain and products were acquired by the author on 25 December 2018. Merry Happy Christmas! Please note that the author is unable to answer any inquiries, including those of support or otherwise, in relation to GIMEchip.com prior to his acquisition of same on 25 December 2018.
http://www.TheLittleEngineers.org

Please note: This is derived from an original design by "Little" John Eric and/or his father "Big" John Robert (J.R.) by "Uncle" Robert Allen. It should be thoroughly scrutinized and verified prior to actual use of any kind. DISCLAIMER: The following article is provided for informational purposes only. Any attempt to modify your computer without the proper skills to do so may void your computer. Any attempt to modify your computer without unplugging it first may void you. This Information is provided "as-is" with no guarantee of fitness for any purpose, either explicit or implied. We disclaim any and all responsibility for losses incurred through the use of this information. By using this information, you are deemed to have accepted these conditions of use, and you agree NOT to sue us. CLARIFICATION: The above disclaimer states as plainly as possible that if you decide to make use of any of the information contained within this document that you do so at your own risk. Designing hardware for the CoCo (ColorComputer) and other vintage hardware is a hobby of ours and is not motivated by any desire of profits. As this is a not for profit venture, obviously we can't afford not to disclaim the use of this information.

 PLEASE NOTE: THIS VERSION HAS NOT YET BEEN TESTED. 

This version is deprecated - please see the new version here: https://github.com/TheLittleEngineers/2732-to-2532

